= AWS tools

== Note

This is very beta, use at your own risk. That said, I am using it production.

Until my filter patch gets pulled, you'll need to use this version of amazon-ec2:

    https://github.com/stw/amazon-ec2/tree/add_filters_to_snapshots

== Description

A simple gem to provide aws command line tools, currently only snapshots.  snapshots allows you to create snapshots from volumes on aws and deletes snapshots greater than the keep parameter.

== Usage

  snapshots -v volume-id -k 2 -d "Some Description" -q 

Creates a snapshot of volume-id, and deletes all snapshots except for the current and the last most recent.

== Installation 

Ensure you set your amazon keys.

  export EC2_PRIVATE_KEY=/path/to/private_key.pem 
  export EC2_CERT=/path/to/cert.pem

  gem install awstools

  snapshot -v volume-id -k 2 -d "Some Description"

  snapshot --help for params

  options:

  Usage:
       snapshots [options]

  where [options] are:
       --volume, -v <s>:   Volume to snapshot
         --keep, -k <i>:   Snapshots to keep (default: 2)
  --description, -d <s>:   Snapshot description
            --quiet, -q:   Don't print anything
         --simulate, -s:   Simulate, nothing created/deleted
             --help, -h:   Show this message

== Reason

I looked for a simple tool to do this and didn't find anything I liked so I put this together.

== Contact

Comments, patches, Git pull requests and bug reports are welcome. Send an email to swalker@walkertek.com

== Patches & Pull Requests

Please follow these steps if you want to send a patch or a GitHub pull request:

* Fork stw/awstools
* Create a topic branch: `git checkout -b my_fix`
* Make sure you add tests for your changes and that they all pass with 'rake test'
* Don't change files that you don't own like the gemspec or version.rb
* Commit your changes, one change/fix per commit
* Push your fixes branch: `git push origin my_fix`
* Open an Issue on GitHub referencing your branch and send a pull request.
* Please do not push to `master` on your fork. Using a feature/bugfix branch will make everyone’s life easier. 


